Tyga and Kylie Jenner dating rumours
heat up taraji p henson calls herself a
deal is actress and the apple iphone 6
is among us who you're watching the drop
what's up everybody I'm Cynthia Lucy and
I'm Jace no no rapper Tyga yes you gotta
remember him he's still alive he had to
go on Twitter and actually kill all the
rumors that he is dating Kylie Jenner he
pleaded EE the rumor has been friends
with the family forever we're all just
friends she's 17 she's 17 the 17 year
old friend Tyga no you know and then
you're gonna get sushi with are you
going to parties with her till four in
the morning you have a son your gates
the blac Chyna age group yeah I get it
like blac Chyna's like besties with Kim
K now that's cool it's like oh look at
everybody hanging out just let's lay the
little ones alone Tyga Tyga looks like
he's 17 he does it's probably gonna be
one of those guys weird winner do you
know guys the party just like hey I'm
still yeah I know yeah you oldest if I
was Kylie Jenner's dad this could be so
unacceptable of me I would be tapping on
his gold re where they shot and I like
bro you doing why are you thinking my
daughter two parties until 4am in the
morning yeah but then kylie jenner
probably tells her dad what to do who
knows yeah we're famous enough taraji p
henson is on the cover of Ebony magazine
and during an interview with a magazine
she said I'm treated like I'm on the
d-list I'm still being considered with
actresses who haven't done half the
stuff I've achieved I believe it I
believe it too I mean but I don't think
she's on the deal is I'm supporting the
d-list but I feel like she haven't been
in enough big blockbuster movie for like
mainstream Hollywood to accept her twat
my most memorable Rover was baby boy and
I think she needs to do like if she
wants to be mainstream she got do more
white people movies let's be honest yeah
but like it's not an easy to tell me
y'all trying to get in white people
movie that's true you know
we can't be like to Raji here's some
advice getting a big move it's like I'm
trying to kick that door down to you we
all are we all just get it at least you
want to live unless you wanna live in
interesting news you know young jeezy's
album came out last week and it actually
ended up debuting at number two on the
Billboard charts selling over a hundred
and twenty-one thousand copies first
week sales that's pretty dope I mean I
still need to get this out and I'm
looking forward to it I was looking
forward to what I just forget it i'm
procrastinating what's crazy to me is I
did not think that jay-z could push
121,000 units in a way he needs to move
some mungkin albums like click those
motivations but one evasion 101 all
those other Street was like that was
when he had all the hot singles on the
radio news at every BTW hip hop award
show winning everything all around now
like you really barely hear something
unless like he's getting arrested again
on TMZ yeah well I automatic rifle on
its best well Wiz Khalifa is everywhere
with Amber Rose so much hype all the
time and he only sold 90,000 copies in
the first week is because the music is
just like not that enjoyable anymore you
know I always wizzy to drop don't mix
tapes and whatnot but it's music lately
it's just it's kind of going down but
Jeezy got the trappers Jeezy got the
trappers in the trap our trappers in the
trap going and buying apples evidence
whoa but I would think the little
college white kids who like wiz khalifa
will go buy his album oh cuz I could
download this trap is in the trap will
go out and supported me like oh my
brother will go out and buy a jeezy
album from target hungry like you bought
a CD well either way is good for Jeezy
and I don't want to be too surprised at
his success cuz that's kind of like a
dude you really sold out really really
easy house music is love
okay so apple just announced the release
of the iphone 6 iphone 6 plus and Apple
watch rent or rain I raised because
honestly the iphone 6 who ain't been
waiting on it and right now what I'm not
about to do is give you the facts about
the phone because everybody already
knows what comes with the phone so I'm
gonna just talk about what I like about
song I like the fact that the screen is
a little curve and the design is a
little different it's not too different
from the last one because let's be
honest if they put a screen on a brick
and call it the iphone 7 brick phone we
were still body one of the great things
about this phone is that they come with
up to 128 gigs of memory you're not much
she can stow on the phone I've always
hated the eight gigs and the 16 games
because they run out so fast more cool
things about the phones that you can
lock individual apps this is for all the
cheaters out there you want to keep a
bitch out to text messages they you can
do it now in fact you see the lock apps
comes in handy because I just woke up to
my girlfriend gloating my text message
sounds pretty bad but I didn't have
anything to hide so it wasn't that bad
and then there's the Apple watch which
is sort of like the Samsung watch and my
friend has the samsung watch and I watch
them all the time do this and he looks
like an idiot answering his watch rather
than just answering his phone but if I
get a free one I'm rocking i still bring
i just can't see myself paying five
hundred dollars for something that's
like completely unnecessary of tells
time it monitors my heart rate i know i
got high blood pressure i don't give a I
don't need to know these things on my I
didn't have to pay 500 others to know I
got high blood pressure happy mother
don't even need this phone because
you're gonna be pissed off that you
understand how unhealthy you are so you
can pre-order the iphone and iphone 6
plus September 12 you can go by sep
tember 19th the Apple watch doesn't come
out till next year so hey check them out
good idea I think that's a Roger p
henson is a d-list actors below what you
did to see what you gotta say make sure
you subscribe to our digital I'm Jace
know I'm Sophia Lucia new tomorrow in
the drive